Replace AuthBase with AuthConfigBase in example (#1738)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/general-usage/http/rest-client.md

- [BearerTokenAuth](#bearer-token-authentication)
- [APIKeyAuth](#api-key-authentication)
- [HttpBasicAuth](#http-basic-authentication)

> - [OAuth2ClientCredentials](#oauth-20-authorization)

Reviewer: link was wrong

For specific use cases, you can [implement custom authentication](#implementing-custom-authentication) by subclassing the `AuthConfigBase` class from the Requests library.

> For specific flavors of OAuth 2.0, you can [implement custom OAuth 2.0](#oauth-20-authorization) by subclassing `OAuth2ClientCredentials`.

Reviewer: link was wrong

- [HttpBasicAuth](#http-basic-authentication)
- [OAuth2ClientCredentials](#oauth20-authorization)

> For specific use cases, you can [implement custom authentication](#implementing-custom-authentication) by subclassing the `AuthConfigBase` class from the Requests library.

Reviewer 2: There's no AuthConfigBase in the Requests library, so this sentence is not correct

Reviewer: Aha, so then this would be correct:
```suggestion
For specific use cases, you can [implement custom authentication](#implementing-custom-authentication) by subclassing the `AuthConfigBase` class from the `dlt.sources.helpers.rest_client.auth` module.
```

It's related to this issue: https://github.com/dlt-hub/dlt/issues/1736
